**__FAQ__**

What is a Coach? 
    A coach is first and foremost a teacher. Knowledge is important but knowing how to convey your thoughts is paramount. Try to view questions or discussions from the viewpoint of the student, and cater your answers to that view point. 

What is a Coach's role in this discord server? 
    This discord exist as an aid to an individuals improvement journey. Therefore the Coach acts as training wheels, there to help by guiding. A Coach is expected to answer questions in a respectable way, be willing to admit when they don't know something and able direct the student to a better source, and have patience for those coming form different backgrounds. 

Should I be argumentative? 
    In short, no. It is not your place to change someones mind. Present your argument in a clear and concise way then let the discussion go from there. Nobody has ever had their mind changed from something said in a discord. 

Should I moderate chat? 
    Yes and no, while not required, it is helpful if you point out bad behavior or problematic students to the staff so we can handle it. 

What is there for me to do around here? 
    We plan on having everything from group lessons, presentations, small group projects, inhouses, ect. If you have any ideas or want to do something specific please reach out to staff. If you are unsure of your role or what you should be doing then let staff know so we can carve out a more defined role for you. 

What should I do about problematic students? 
    DM staff or post in coach chat so we can discuss and handle the issue. Not everyone is compatible personality wise so we think neutral parties should handle all issues. 

How do I improve as a Coach? 
    Putting the time in is the number one way. That means not only coaching as many students as you can but also watching other coaching content or reading books by coaches. Great coaches from traditional sports such as football and basketball have written renown books on coaching that are worth reading. 

Where do I start? 
    Advertise yourself to the students by letting them know who you are, your past experiences, your teaching style, and your areas of expertise. Don't just say "I'm a D2 top laner, lmk if you need coaching." but instead "I've been playing league for 6 years, I've peaked D2 playing mostly Volibear. My strengths are laning and champion mastery so if you need help in either area, send me a dm to set up coaching. I am hands on so be prepared to stream your gameplay or have a vod downloaded and ready." The second is much more likely to lead to fulfilling coaching sessions. 

If you have any other questions please don't hesitate to ask. Also be sure to check out <coachMaterials> for helpful spreadsheets, powerpoints, documents, tool, ect. 